all right y'all rob here square wheels
uh back with another one uh as promised
i've been putting this tesla unit
uh through the paces over the last week
or so since i installed it
a lot of great uh engagement on that
last video
um i did an installation video for this
unit so if you haven't seen that
go check it out after this one if you're
really interested in the
tesla mark 5 by au carr so as i said
i've been putting this unit through the
paces over the last week or so
and i am ready to give my uh thoughts on
it so
what i'm gonna do uh now is
drive back home and i'm gonna walk you
through
um everything top to bottom on this
tesla mark v
uh i'm gonna start with hardware i'm
gonna go over the software
uh i'm going over the features and what
make it
different from the phoenix automotive
mark
iii uh so i'm gonna give you the full
rundown basically
so just sit tight i'm about to pull into
the garage in a second
i'm going to take a minute and point out
the elephant in the room here
a you car call this unit the mark v
now if you're familiar with android
tesla style screens for the infiniti q50
then you're probably well aware of the
phoenix automotive mark
iii which is the third iteration in a
series
of phoenix automotive android tesla
style screens
um the mark iii is without a doubt
the most popular the most recognized
uh name in the realm of
tesla style android units for the
infiniti q50
so it's a little weird that au carr
just randomly landed on this concept and
they called it
the mark 5. now i'll leave it up for you
to decide
you know there's speculation that you
know it's just a cheesy marketing ploy
to
try to pay piggyback on the momentum
that the phoenix automotive units
had um i don't know it's an elephant in
the room
i'll let you make a decision on it my
decision
went to the best unit and this is
clearly
the best unit so i have asked around
in a lot of the forms that are dedicated
to these units
and really tried to understand all the
glitches all the issues that people were
having with the latest iteration
the phoenix automotive mark iii all of
those issues
are resolved in this unit so au car did
a really good job
of you know feeling out the community
making sure that they were addressing
those major pain points
and i'm confident that this is a
much better unit than the phoenix
automotive mark iii
they shouldn't have called it the mark
five that's that's the end of the day
that's that's
it there i've said it
all right now that we got that out of
the way let's go through the overview
of this au car uh tesla
mark 5 screen uh if you haven't already
please hit that like button and that
subscribe button i've got a lot of
exciting pro
projects going on specifically with the
q50 all right let's talk about the tesla
screen
all right let's talk about everything
you need to know about this unit so this
is a 13.6 inch multi-touch capacitive
screen
it's at full hd at 1920 by 1080 pixels
or for being really specific it's 1080
by 1920 because it is in portrait mode
it comes with android 9 it's got carplay
support wired and wireless card play
as well as android auto wired it comes
with the px6 chipset which is
an improvement from the px3 chipset that
you saw on some of those older
tesla style screens so you can expect
some better performance on this one
uh some more responsiveness it comes
with four gigabytes of ram
64 gigs of hard drive space and it's got
full in touch access so it'll work with
all of your original equipment your
steering wheel controls
your center knob in the middle console
everything
now you've probably noticed that i
haven't turned on this screen yet
and i'll get there but i just want to
point out the attention to detail and
the build quality on this unit because
i think it is absolutely superb all the
seams
all the lines all the buttons they
really look like this unit was
built for this vehicle it doesn't look
like an aftermarket you don't see any
weird gaps or anything all the buttons
look you know like they're built for
this vehicle
and i think in general it just elevates
the entire
look and feel and experience of the
interior of this vehicle
i really think this is the way that this
car should look
you know as an entry-level luxury
vehicle this is the way that the
interior should look
speaking of buttons you will notice uh
when you look at the but
the hard buttons on the bottom of this
unit they're different than the phoenix
automotive or any other tesla screen
this au car screen features a
customizable
hard button where in the settings you
can control exactly what you want
to pop up when you push this button so
just for example i've got mine
configured to open up the myq garage
door opener
so as i'm approaching the house i just
click that button and i can control both
of my garage door openers from a wider
range than i would be able to with the
regular car
garage opener
all right enough about the hard buttons
let's see what this device does when
it is turned on so to start as i said
this is
a full android tablet unit and what that
means is that it comes with the google
play store
what that means is that you can install
essentially any app that's in the google
play store
and have it run independently on this
device
so this tesla mark v it does come with
wi-fi support
so all you need to do is provide it a
hot spot
what i usually do right before i get
into the vehicle is i switch my mobile
phone into hotspot mode
and i provide an interactive connection
to the mark v
this way i can put the phone away i
don't need to be switching between
devices
and the phone just provides internet to
the mark v and the mark 5 handles all
the display and all the processing runs
all the apps that it needs to
okay very common question is in touch
support
so at the top navigation there's this
button called intouch
and this gives you access to all of the
factory screens that
your car came with so the top screen the
bottom screen
all of your radio controls all of your
settings driving dynamics basically
anything that you had on those factory
screens those factory menus
you do have access to it is just as
responsive as the oe screens
so there's no you know no big difference
here
this unit also supports your hvac
your heated seats basically everything
works
all right this button on the top nav is
definitely my personal favorite so there
is a video button and this unit comes
with an hd video player
so what i do is i load up a usb thumb
drive
with all kinds of music videos but you
can essentially put any video on there
and through this video player you can
play videos either full screen
or you can dock them to the top or the
bottom of the screen
so you can run you know multiple apps at
the same time
so what i like to do when i'm just
driving around is have my navigation
on the top screen and have you know
music videos playing on the bottom
screen
and you can switch them vice versa in
the in the ui as shown here
love the video player
all right common question and also
common problem that happened on the mark
iii units was support for backup cameras
and 360 cameras
i'm pleased to say that the mark 5
doesn't have any of those issues
it worked perfectly with my backup
camera
i can see where it's got 360 and sensor
support
the only complaint is i could tell there
was a slight delay it's almost like a
half second delay on the turning lines
but it wasn't really anything that
affected the functionality it was more
just an annoyance for me
that's gonna do it if you are interested
in this mark 5 unit by aucar
i will link it down in the description i
do have a coupon code coupon code is
square wheels
if you put that in you're going to get a
couple bucks off of your purchase
au card has been really good about
chipping these out they're sending out
through dhl so they'll get to your
doorstep
door-to-door in about five days so
uh really good there awesome unit you
guys have any questions
any concerns anything that i didn't
cover in the video hit me up in the
comments
i'll do my best to answer look at all my
videos you know i'm very active in the
comments i
love the engagement so go ahead hit me
up either in the comments on youtube or
hit me up on ig
or email all my details are at the
bottom of all my videos
thank you all for checking me out thank
you for sticking with me if you haven't
subscribed
please hit that subscribe button to go
thanks a lot y'all catch you on the next
one